add sentry transport (#690)
pinojs/pino: docs/transports.md

[pino-redis]: https://github.com/buianhthang/pino-redis
[Redis]: https://redis.io/

<a id="pino-sentry"></a>
### pino-sentry

[pino-sentry][pino-sentry] loads pino logs into [Sentry][Sentry].

```sh
$ node app.js | pino-sentry --dsn=https://******@sentry.io/12345
```

> For full documentation of command line switches read [readme](https://github.com/aandrewww/pino-sentry/blob/master/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For full documentation of command line switches see the [pino-sentry readme](https://github.com/aandrewww/pino-sentry/blob/master/README.md)
```

Author: done
